Adding initial documents (#1)
USRSE/documents: communications-handbook.md

* Major issues/large changes: Steering Committee

We strive for consensus in decisions regarding content policies, guidelines, and directions, as well as when questions about specific changes or new material arise. When consensus cannot be achieved within a reasonable timeframe, the issue should be referred upward within the organization. In addition, plans for large changes (such as new websites or communication channels) should be brought to the Steering Committee before they are implemented to ensure they are consistent with these guidelines and that various groups remain coordinated within the Association.

This document lays out general policies for online content that have been encountered by the organization so far. It also provides guidance on what types of other changes warrant discussion among various committees before being implemented.

# General Guidelines

## Style Guide

When referring to the organization:

* US-RSE Association, US Research Software Engineer Association

> * US-RSE for short/abbreviation if desired after one of the above is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* US-RSE as a shorter version if desired after one of the above is used
```

When creating an account on behalf of the organization with a service or site, use the leadership@us-rse.org email address. Rules can be set up in this account if needed to forward the messages to others as needed. Contact the Steering Committee if access is needed to this (or for the time being, contact Christina Maimone directly, as she has the password and the two-factor device). The password for this account can be reset by the GSuite Admins if needed.

## Use of the US-RSE Logo

Official logo files can be found in the logo repository in the organizational GitHub: https://github.com/USRSE/logo. Logos from this repository should be used whenever a logo is needed. Variations in size or file format may be created from the source Adobe Illustrator files. Proposals for changes to the logo (colors, text, elements, etc.) or variants of the logo for specific uses should be submitted as a Pull Request. Agreement must be obtained from the Steering Committee before the PR is accepted or rejected. 

> Use of the logo implies organizational endorsement of whatever the logo is included on, even if that wasn't the intent.  Before the logo is used, please ensure there is consensus from a relevant committee (e.g. website, social) or the Steering Committee that use of the logo is appropriate. 

Reviewer: I'm a little unsure about this. Does this mean I can't give a talk and use the logo on one of my slides to illustrate a statement I make about US-RSE?

Author: I understand the comment.  Other ideas how to handle this?  Do we have no restrictions until we have a logo that we want to trademark?  Or spell them out: 
```suggestion
Use of the logo implies organizational endorsement of whatever the logo is included on, even if that wasn't the intent.  Please do not use the logo to advertise or brand events or products that are not endorsed by the US-RSE?  When in doubt, please contact the Steering Committee.
```

Reviewer: that seems good to me

# Communication Channels

## Slack

usrse.slack.com

Purpose: 

> * US-RSE members to engage with each other and share information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For US-RSE members to engage with each other and share information
```

* For the US-RSE Steering Committee to start community discussions and solicit input from the community
* For US-RSE committees/working groups to coordinate and discuss work

Slack is currently the primary channel of communication with US-RSE members.  That said, important or official communications about US-RSE activities, membership, policies, etc. should always be shared via email (see below) with US-RSE members in addition to posting on Slack.  

All US-RSE members should be invited to Slack.  New US-RSE members should be asked to join via [the link](https://forms.gle/CRsH7sKAk3UvZJfB9) on the main page of us-rse.org instead of only being invited to the Slack workspace so that there's a record of them and their email address is added to the list.  

> Members can create (and archive) channels, can create custom emojis, and do other Slack things that are part of the default settings.  The guideline is to be permissive with what members can do in the workspace until there is a need to implement tighter permissions to 1) enforce the code of conduct, or 2) manage the logistics of a growing membership list.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members can create (and archive) channels, can create custom emojis, and do other Slack things that are part of the default settings.  Our intention is to be permissive regarding what members can do in the workspace until there is a need to implement tighter permissions to 1) enforce the code of conduct, or 2) manage the logistics of a growing membership list.  
```

## us-rse.org Domain

The us-rse.org domain is the US-RSE Assocation's home online, both in terms of the website and our organizational email addresses and groups/listservs. 

Purpose:

* Disseminate official information about the association
* Conduct the business of the association
* Host the main organizational website 
* Host information related to association events and activities

> * Organizational email (run through a GSuite account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable organizational email (run through a GSuite account)
```

### Website

> Hosted via a GitHub repo and site: https://github.com/USRSE/usrse.github.io; #website channel on Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content hosted in a GitHub repo and site: https://github.com/USRSE/usrse.github.io; discussion via #website channel on Slack
```

Guidelines, procedures, etc. for the managing and updating the website are determined by the website committee and documented in the GitHub repo. The current guidelines for incremental changes require the use of a PR and a review of the PR. The guidelines are documented here  https://github.com/USRSE/usrse.github.io/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md.  

Large changes to the website including the creation of a new site, platform, subdomain, website section, etc. or a major reorganization or change in theme, styling, function of existing content must be first 1) discussed and agreed to by the Website Committee, and then 2) brought to the Steering Committee, before being added to the domain to ensure they are aligned with the mission of the Association. This includes changes to existing sites that significantly alter the way they function or content they provide. New sites or major changes to functionality should not be deployed under the us-rse.org domain before being reviewed. Instead, they should be previewed under a personal account or other resource. Contact the website committee for technical guidance. 

### Email

Distribution lists/groups: 

> * All US-RSE members are added to the announce@us-rse.org email list.  This is the list to be used for all important/official communications to the community.  Members of the Steering Committee can send to the list, but communications should generally come from the Steering Committee generally instead of individual members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All US-RSE members are added to the announce@us-rse.org email list.  This is the list to be used for all important/official communications to the community.  Members of the Steering Committee can send to the list, but communications should generally come from the overall Steering Committee instead of individual members.
```

> * The contact@us-rse.org email is the main address for people to contact US-RSE leadership.  It is a google group that includes all of the Steering Committee members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* contact@us-rse.org is the main address for people to contact US-RSE leadership.  It is a google group that includes all of the Steering Committee members.
```

* Discussion email lists can be created under the GSuite account, but members should opt into such lists, not be subscribed automatically.  
* US-RSE committee leaders, working group chairs, etc. can request discussion or distribution email groups as needed for US-RSE activities.

Individual accounts: We generally do not have personal @us-rse.org accounts/email addresses.  While a few do exist, they are for administering the GSuite account and related resources.  Instead of personal accounts, use/create positional or group accounts.  Currently, the main account to use to send email from (if needed) is leadership@us-rse.org.  See the Steering Committee Metadoc for login information.

## Organizational GitHub Account

https://github.com/usrse

Purpose: 

* Host the US-RSE website

> * Host US-RSE documents and artefacts as needed/appropriate

Reviewer 2: Artifact?

Author: yes, technically both are correct, but I'm fine changing it

* Provide repos for US-RSE sponsored activities

> Repositories under the US-RSE organizational GitHub are publically viewable and branded with the US-RSE logo, making them representative of the organization as a whole. Be mindful of this fact and ensure that any repositories here follow the same guidelines as content in the us-rse.org domain. New repositories should get agreement from the website or Steering committee, depending on whether the repository is part of the website. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories under the US-RSE organizational GitHub are publically viewable and branded with the US-RSE logo, making them representative of the organization as a whole. Be mindful of this fact and ensure that any repositories here follow the same guidelines as content in the us-rse.org domain. New repositories should get agreement from the Website or Steering committee, depending on whether the repository is part of the website. 
```

## Twitter

[US-RSE Twitter account (@us_rse)](twitter.com/us_rse); #socialmedia channel on Slack

The master password for the account should not be shared to individual people who may post to the account; instead, give access to individuals through Tweetdeck. Before giving an individual member access, please review their personal tweets to look out for any red flags that may need to be discussed, and ensure that they have read both [US-RSE Twitter Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JhQh0PhiXjrtkJKN9z6TGTXGdFI100t95oFyp-o5oOo/edit?usp=sharing) and our [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) and agree to both.

General guidelines for what content should be posted:

* Sharing US-RSE materials, events, posts, etc. 
* Tweeting from events where US-RSE members are in attendance
* Retweeting/liking appropriate tweets from members
* Sharing information of general interest to our membership, including but not limited to job postings

> * Things promoting RSEs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweeting things promoting RSEs
```

The account can be used for other purposes, such as to promote events or resources or engage with the community or individual members, but other activity should be discussed with and approved by the social media committee on Slack.  As with other activities, major initiatives should be brought to the attention of the Steering Committee. 

Remove access to the account once individuals have either completed the task/time period for which they were granted access or are no longer part of the social media committee.

> [US-RSE Twitter Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JhQh0PhiXjrtkJKN9z6TGTXGdFI100t95oFyp-o5oOo/edit?usp=sharing) is intended for sharing with anyone who will be tweeting from the account.

Reviewer 2: Should this stay in a google doc, or move here?

Author: That is a good question.  I landed on it staying in the google doc since it's not really official and meant to be sent to folks who will post to the account.  Probably depends on what our procedure is for changing things in the repo -- that is an example of a document that doesn't really need much approval to change.  I pulled out the more policy oriented parts of the twitter guidelines into the handbook, because those are things that may require more input if they are changed.

Reviewer 3: I think it's good to have something separate that:
* has more detail that we'd want here
* includes operational details we might not want public
* is able to be more fluid, giving specifics that fit within the guidance of this document

Reviewer 2: I should have been more clear, by "here" I was thinking in this repo, not this particular document.

Author: leaving in google docs for now.  We can move it here later if we think it's appropriate
